Arsenal vs ManCity : 1-0 
date: 08-10-23 

A day to remember as Arteta finally became victorious over his mentor Pep and after 8 years of wait Arsenal beat city.

Starting 11: 
It was a tactical masterclass from Arteta as he twicked his midfield a bit to cope with City's positional dominance. 
rather than playing 2 CAMs he played both Jorginho and Rice in the central MF covering our usual backline of White-Saliba-Gabi-Zinchenko. 
Jorgi was given a more right cenrtic CDM role while Rice was playing more like a left centric old school midfielder. Odegard started as a LCAM and our top 3 included Trossard Nketia and Jesus.
City was missing KDB and Rodri and B.Silva played in the central midfield.

1st Half:
It was horrible 1st half for Raya, his distribution is totally lost but City failed to take any advantage. They had 1 early on target shot which was cleared from goalline by Rice, but except that they lacked the final ball in Arsenal box.
Arsenal was diffensively solid otherwise but they did not possess much penetration as well. Nketia had a chance to shoot but did not work Ederson, who had no moment of pressure in the first half.

2nd half:
Arteta bring Martinelli in place of a rather timid Trossard and the impact was instant. Arsenal looked like a team with purpose in the second half. Around 70 min, Arteta made 3 important subs. 
To counter City substitution of an enthusiastic Docu Tomiasu came for Zinchenko. It forced Docu to change his wing and allowed Tomiasu to take more forward positions in the field. It was chess move.
Then Partey came for Jorgi and Haverth appeared in a CF role , a direct sub for Nketia.
All these subs got involved when Partey produced a gem of a long ball to Tomi who passed it to Kai and he set up Martinelli for a shot that got deflected and found the net. 
Even after the late goal we controlled the ball well and kept City tothless the entire game.

Ratings:
Raya: 5 -> A shocker of a first half followed by a descent 2nd half. His positioning and outings were good and second he played some good long balls in the wing but we were lucky that City could not capitalize in his 1st half errors.
Saliba: 9 -> A brilliant defensive display. Won all duels, did not let anyone pass and took Halland out off the game. 
Gabi: 8 -> Solid again. A great companion of Saliba.
White: 7.5 -> Very solid deffensive performance
Zinchenko: 7 -> Did not make any mistake defending. Probably lacked some attacking prowess today.
Jorginho: 8 -> Excellent throughout the game, shielded well and had some good long balls in the wing. Solid .
Rice: 8.5 -> Well 8 is his normal game now. He is a rare tallent in the midfield. Perfect tackles, great interceptions, driving runs - he had them all in his game. Always a candidate for the POTM.
Odegard: 7 -> Excellent in his pressing, but City tried to close him down and his passing has suffered a bit for that.
jesus: 6.5 -> He was having good supplies in the right wing, lacked the final move.
Nketia: 4 -> Poor from him. Need to convert those half chances and shooting oppurtunities. HIs holding and linking play both were not at the level.
Trossard: 5 -> Did not have much impact on the game

Martinelli(45): 8 -> Confident, Dynamic and the Goal scorer, he changed the tempo in favor of Arsenal
Partey(71): 8 -> Perfectly replaced Jorgi, his long ball started the attack that resulted in a goal.
Tomiasu(71): 7 -> UP n down played like a perfect Left back.
Havertz(71): 8 -> Probably he his most suited as a CF. HIs hold up play is good, set up Martinelly for the goal.


